[gardenlet] Switch `shootsecret` controller to `controller-runtime` (#6819)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/gardenlet.md

A `ControllerInstallation` is considered "healthy" if `Applied=Healthy=true` and `Progressing=False`.

### [`ShootState` Controller](../../pkg/gardenlet/controller/shootstate)

The `ShootState` controller in the `gardenlet` reconciles resources containing information that have to be synced to the `ShootState`.
This information is used when a [control plane migration](../usage/control_plane_migration.md) is performed.

#### "Secret" Reconciler

> This reconciler reconciles `Secret`s having labels `managed-by=secrets-manager` and `persist=true` in the shoot namespace in the seed cluster.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
This reconciler reconciles `Secret`s having labels `managed-by=secrets-manager` and `persist=true` in the shoot namespaces in the seed cluster.
```

More information: [Register Shoot as Seed](../usage/managed_seed.md)

> ### [`ShootState` Controller](../../pkg/gardenlet/controller/shootstate)

Reviewer: This should be put up to L264 so that it is in the "Control Loops" section

The `ShootState` controller in the `gardenlet` reconciles resources containing information that have to be synced to the `ShootState`.
This information is used when a [control plane migration](../usage/control_plane_migration.md) is performed.

#### "Secret" Reconciler

> This reconciler reconcile secrets in shoot control-plane namespace in seed having labels "managed-by": "secrets-manager" and "persist": "true".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This reconciler reconciles `Secret`s having labels `managed-by=secrets-manager` and `persist=true` in the shoot namespace in the seed cluster.
```

> It basically protects secret from being deleted if it is created by secret-manager and supposed to be persisted in ShootState.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It syncs them to the `ShootState` so that the secrets can be restored from there in case a shoot control plane has to be restored to another seed cluster (in case of migration).
```
